why B2B marketing is boring
[Music]
AF welcome back to a fresh episode of
Breaking B2B
Doom I'm your host Sam Dunning and if
you want to grab our daily
newsletter check out past podcast
episodes or apply to work with us head
over to Breaking bb.com so joining me
today I've got Davidson he's a Founder
over at B2B Riz we're going to be diving
into why B2B marketing typically is just
so boring when it comes to content media
and everything you see we're explaining
how to fix it we're gonna be sharing
Tim's process that he uses to come up
with entertaining funny but at the same
time educational B2B content and how
this can actually convert into getting
attention awareness driving inbound and
revenue from your target clients so with
that welcome to the show Tim how are we
sir I'm good new show name I am excited
first guest episode with the new show
name we will see if it's a major win or
a major flop we'll uh we'll soon find
out hopefully hopefully the other yeah
sounds better to me cool dude well yeah
looking forward to getting stuck in um
as we always do let's let's dive
straight into the
topic why is it Tim that B2B marketing
has a history of being corporate dull
stuffy and why do you think it is so
boring
typically uh I think a lot of people are
just stuck in their ways and the people
that try to break out of
it they don't drive whatever the kind of
that uh metric is and so they they just
don't have the time they don't have the
freedom to do that because they're
always getting you know the CFO or the
CEO or someone asking where the leads
are asking where you know this thing is
and they just don't have the time so if
they they're going to do something
different they have to do it on their
time which they don't have time to do
because they're working 60 hours a week
anyway do you think that's the main main
thing holding businesses back kind of a
time constraint or no I mean not a time
constraint but just like the most at the
end of the day it's the it's the owner
it's the the executives that make the
decisions right so at the end of the day
it's it's most not all Executives but a
lot of the ex it came from you know if
you think about let's just think maybe
like 15 years ago everyone thought you
need to wear a suit to be anything
business this is probably 10 years ago
too you to to do anything in business
you had to wear a suit I think there's
still that mindset that people don't
understand and even just when like you
know the co hit and then everyone was
working from home like that was still
very weird and people were still wearing
suits all the time I think it's starting
to get there but there's still that
mindset that you need to wear a suit and
tie to look professional to be in
business
yeah do you think there's an element
also that businesses want to play it
safe so they kind of want to stick to
the content medians and types and
formats that they've always done there's
100% that um that's why everyone does
kind of the same thing events every does
the same thing on LinkedIn on
Advertising Google just it's all the
same stuff because they want to play it
safe um what's that it's the worst
saying ever but it's like uh no one ever
got fired for uh signing up with IBM or
something like that like it's it's it's
stuff like that that just makes it
worse and yeah we're going to be shortly
diving into kind of some some of your
strategies and if you're not familiar
with Tim some of his recent es escapades
on LinkedIn are creating videos which
I'd say are pretty funny but at the same
time quite a lot of them give you
Insight so they're usually short video
clips the latest ones of kind of Tim
cutting all these exotic fruits be
watermelon
pineapple coconuts whilst giving his
spin on B2B marketing it could be
something around I don't know hiding
pricing on your website or waiting 60
emails in 10 days to get a response from
an SDR or an AE after you filled out an
inquiry form on a website instead of
rooting through to a calendar so that
kind of fun silly but educational stuff
that teaches B2B companies a thing or
two so a lot of B2B companies as we said
Tim play it safe play the corporate game
I mean it's kind of understandable I
suppose when you've got large scale
businesses that maybe have a lot of red
tape a lot of execs a lot of slow moving
processes but what is the answer how how
do we fix it and should it be fixed like
is is this kind of content relevant for
everyone making it funny and educational
I guess at the same time and is it
always the right
way yeah I think well I think I I to
your point I think there is a a stigma
that if it's not boring it has to be
funny I it has to be funny all the time
it doesn't have to be it could be
entertaining it can be you can go like
the horror film route like you it just
doesn't it doesn't have to be funny and
I think that that might be some like
stigma like oh you
know I don't need to be F like I don't
want to be funny I don't know how to be
funny or uh you know our buyers don't
like to laugh which is obviously a lie
Everyone likes to laugh but it doesn't
have to be funny it can be entertaining
like documentaries are entertaining but
they don't they're not always well a lot
of them aren't funny they're just
entertaining like there's that route you
can take
too yeah yeah yeah that's true actually
yeah there's a lot of different formats
I suppose it immediately comes to my
head kind of comical funny because
that's kind of your style but then
perhaps share with us some some other
styles some other genre some other
formats that you've seen and that can
work yeah and it's just like so so a lot
of um thing a lot of a lot of things I
look at are actually like the B Toc that
you can I like I like to say like oh B2B
should steal from b2c obviously not
everything but there's a lot of formats
within B Toc that are you know
considered B Toc that B2B should really
steal like the whole Tik Tok movement
like all those kind of videos like just
and just an example of like from the
advertising side um if you're on Tik Tac
there's a lot of those ads where
someone's like answering a comment uh
it's just like someone's commenting and
it's like an at it's it's on the screen
they put on the screen they answer it in
like a video format like B2B should
that's an easy that doesn't have to be
funny that can be entertaining that that
can be or not like entertaining that can
just be like um educational it doesn't
even have to be funny it's just a
different way that people are kind of
gravitating towards these days um other
things are like uh just like you know
how how B Toc does um reviews like
you've seen those reviews of like oh
here's our one star BB would never show
a one star in there anywhere but I think
people are getting used to the Amazon
and the the Yelp phase where everyone
was buying reviews so five star doesn't
look good
anymore so at the end of the day it's
really about how do you relate with your
buyer and that can come in many
different ways but things like the one
star review are relatable because they
know that people know now that you can't
that five stars are and
the four stars three stars that people
AR aren't going to be
perfect I think it's I think it's more
about like relating to your buyer more
than anything and people are
people and I don't know
why like I don't know why there's
obviously difference between like
marketing marketers and marketing to
cyber security people but they're still
people they like things they like to
laugh they have families they like to go
on Facebook it's just a different way of
doing
it yeah I think that's probably a a key
word there making it
relatable and I think like you said
earlier when it comes to
B2B I see this all the time when we're
doing websites when we're doing content
work people just think that they
automatically because they're doing a
B2B site they need to speak in corporate
mumbo jumbo it needs to all be
professional they can't God forbid they
can't use a curse word they can't do
anything silly they can't do anything
that might I don't know scare a few
exacts like we're I spose we're
fortunate Tim in the sense that we're
we're running smaller businesses and
it's pretty much just us that call the
shots but when it comes to anything when
there's execs involved it's just hard
work to to get I guess approval for it
let alone actually execute on some of
these unusual ideas well what is with
all the messaging like why is everyone
an allone platform like why why why does
that why is that so appealing anymore I
that that I don't understand like some
of the things I've seen are just like
they're the most highlevel messaging
they're like all inone business for or
all inone software for businesses who
are you relating I mean to all
businesses like is that is that an issue
of you want your Tam to be the biggest
thing ever I or you don't want to like
exclude some people that I don't get it
is like the messaging the website has
been it's gotten a real crazy because
everyone just looks the same
now yeah I think on that topic I think a
lot of companies are quite frightened to
Niche down especially if we talking
about website headlines messaging
content they think that if they
specifically say we do X for this
industry to improve why result if they
really hone down onto the specific total
addressable Market they're focused on
maybe that's I don't know accountant and
you break you solve one specific problem
for them they think oh no we're going to
lose all the other customers that could
potentially work with us it's just it's
so rare that you you might lose a couple
sure but a lot of the time when you go
Niche when you Niche down people see
more value because they think you're
specifically going to help them with the
with their issue as opposed to just
random messaging that's so WID spread it
doesn't really appeal to anyone it's so
generic 100% and here's the beauty you
don't have to stick within that Niche if
you Niche down in
accountants you're going to see you know
higher conversion rates you know better
sales rates things like that but then
you can you can always venture out you
don't need to stick within uh whatever
the niche is you pick at first or you
can you know Niche down to like a few
few different ones you could there's
there's a lot of ways to do it it's just
being the the all-in-one software for
businesses is it can't be
good yeah yeah agreed unless you're a
Salesforce or hub spot of the world I
don't think it's for yeah you gotta get
there though exactly there's not many
companies like that for sure so look Tim
I want to share your process because
you've done you've been around the block
when it comes to creating content in the
B2B world that stand hands out you're
well known for your for your
entertaining stuff your funny stuff on
LinkedIn the Skits the Tik toks and more
I'd love to to dive into your process so
others tuning in listening watching can
get it from kind of initial concept
right through to kind of how you get the
ideas and then how you execute on it
yeah
so yeah there's a lot of ways to go
about this um I would say at the end of
the day it's what I do is I pair two
things together so uh like maybe an idea
right so maybe a lot of my ideas do come
from B Toc like the the fruit
cutting that came from watching someone
on Tik Tok uh cooking and telling a
story I was like that's interesting and
then I saw other there's you know you
you've seen it all over the place like
unboxing the concept's not the fruit
cutting the concept is telling a story
while you're doing something I just
right I I tried unboxing I tried cooking
I tried fruit cutting at the same time
and fruit cutting hit the best I was
like all right let me run with that and
there's a lot of fruit and a lot of
knives and you know that's evolved over
time but at the end of the day I'm I'm
pairing two different things together
and so
like the the two things that you should
be pairing together is maybe like um an
idea a point of view you and your
business has so you you could you could
talk about that
just bobblehead you know you just the
Classic uh talking head style or you can
pair it with something else maybe like
uh cooking or painting or doing
something else and talking about at the
same time that's where you see the the
the entertaining part you're almost
taking what everyone else is doing but
you're just saying you're saying the
same things but you're just doing it in
a different way it's really that simple
it's just not I'm not gonna lie though
like you do need the right personality
and person and and you need to do it
over and over again to get to that point
like my first 20 videos really sucked
like really say man everyone's
everyone's get better big time Big Time
I've said it before but like the first
few episodes I did on this podcast like
four years ago I was sweating my ass off
like scared as anything properly nervous
Shake literally shaking whilst
interviewing people like this couldn't
get my words out stuttering all over the
shop and then you steadily get a little
better a little better a little better a
little more confident over time 100% or
you just don't care like I still say um
yeah I still say um a lot I still say
and in these these like kind of kind of
like saying kind of like there's these
these filler words that I say a lot I
just learn to say I don't care anymore
because people don't really care anymore
yeah yeah I think that's that's not a
bad way of doing it so I like that okay
telling a story whilst pairing that with
something else or in your case fruit
cutting or painting like you've
partnered with hockey stack for which is
quite an entertaining one
um just right you can you can you can do
other things too it doesn't even have to
be ENT like that like a thing that
you're doing and telling a story even
though don't get me wrong stories
stories are the best thing they the
they've been marketing stories have been
marketing forever but you could also do
like a list but just do it it's it's all
about doing it in a different way um
like some I I also make videos where I
am the same here's here's one concept
I've done I actually kind of like it's
still me but I change shirts and I talk
to
myself but I just change into like a
character so it could be marketing and
then sales and those work because again
it's different and that's that's from B
Toc you know people just did that on Tik
Tok and and Vine back in the day and
YouTube it's just a different way of
doing it um where you're paying your the
things you know the the the sales calls
the things that you're answering for
your buyers and then just a different
way of doing it that sticks out
especially in B2B because no one else is
doing
it how do you tend to get your ideas
like you mentioned sales schools then is
that one yeah so the ideas of things to
talk about um sales calls uh now they've
been on LinkedIn for so long it's just
you start to see the same Trends over
and over again in LinkedIn um but yeah
what what are people talking about in
your sales calls you can ask sales
there's always that um communities like
if you're in marketing communities
you're going to see the same questions
over and over again some very specific
ones some you know higher level that you
start to see a trend on it's about
finding like what are your buyers asking
all the time and then answering those in
various ways if you think about everyone
that's on LinkedIn every single company
they talk about the F save five things
over and over again just in different
ways you you can't just talk about
different things unless you're the all
in one business or businesses and that
just doesn't
work nice nice and yeah I mean you've
given some nice examples there in terms
of taking taking uh questions or things
raised on sales calls Trends on LinkedIn
like you say there there's always stuff
you can pick out from there communities
questions that you get all that kind of
good stuff and I suppose the the value
in that as well is doesn't really matter
if you're making a video of it with your
point of view something a bit different
a take that that's quite Evergreen
content as well if you're like taking
questions from sales schools objections
problems then you could put something
like that into a YouTube video you could
put that as an article on your website
and that would be searchable that would
rank on organic search and that could
kind of give you value and drive traffic
to your website for for years to come as
well yeah and and and when you're
answering them just try to the the I
think the key is not answering it the
way everyone else would so you know you
get everyone has to have a point of view
you should if you're a business and if
you just answer it like everyone else
does it's just going to be like everyone
else does does everyone is talking about
the same thing everyone's answering the
same way then you need to find your
point of view and it doesn't have to be
crazy it doesn't have to be you know
completely on the other side of it but
you have to have a point of view or a
different way based off your
experience it really you
should yeah it's a great ad I think
that's do you think that's some a point
of view when it comes to content is
something that can be learned over time
and when I say that I'll give you an
example for when I started this show
like four or so years ago I purely did
guest episodes originally and then we
didn't really start driving any inbound
leads for my businesses until I started
doing solo episodes and when I did the
solo episodes as well when I'd give like
tips on how to build a solid B2B website
what pages to include on your site how
to how to rank pages on Google whatever
the soof topic was but then I'd start to
throw my two pence in it or my 10 cents
and say that this is why I think you
really need a pricing page and there's
no excuse in B2B um and this is why your
website needs to load in this this
amount of time otherwise there's no
point having it and this is why your
website still matters even if all your
business is from word of mouth and
adding my two cense a bit like why the
guys I don't know Chris Walker no longer
at refine Labs but was kind of he's he's
well known for throwing his his thoughts
on the on the industry in there do you
think that's you think that's a skill
that can be adapted over time because I
know when of people like we talked about
earlier start content creation they are
quite nervous and scared to to do
something wrong or say something out of
line that might offend people yeah
it's it's something you it's something
you you
definitely I don't know if it's a skill
because uh there's there's two parts
right finding your point of view that
probably comes from testing different
point of views looking at what others
are saying and and you actually thinking
a different way it probably comes from
like like Chris Walker I'm sure he put
out a different a number of different
ideas out and then just saw a couple hit
and then like really ran with it refined
it which no pun intended um ni but uh
but he got to that point of view over
time uh maybe he started off with that I
could be wrong right but his experience
got him to that um the skill part is is
have the confidence and the way you say
it though
I will say you know not a lot of people
are confident in having a completely
different point of view because they're
afraid that no one's going to kind of
resonate with that or they're not gonna
get the business because people don't
think that same way but oftentimes
there's always two there's usually two
sides of it right there's there's
oftentimes people that are G to resonate
with your point of view it's just now
don't get me wrong there's gonna be some
things that you probably should not say
that are bad point of views but for the
most part everyone's going to have
there's going to be people that kind of
come along and thinking the same thing
they're just not ready to say
it yeah yeah I think I think people have
put it that way before say that last bit
again I didn't catch that that like I
think people have put it said it before
like it's tribes like there's ah there's
the two tribes and and there's the tribe
that people they don't speak up because
they're not ready until one person
actually speaks up and says it's like oh
I was actually thinking the same thing
or if like you were in school everyone
had the same question but it just took
that one person answer to ask the
question yeah it's interesting I think
point of view is is a well raised point
it's like when you when you scroll your
LinkedIn feed some of the posts that hit
most are literally someone just throwing
in their opinion on on their industry or
the sector or their Niche that they
let's say a subject matter expert and
inverted commas in and just throwing a
few paragraphs about what they think's
wrong or what they think should change
or what they think should be different
and that's like instant 100 likes
yes but there's also the people that
just put out a post that they agree that
is very agreeable for
everyone they really go viral because
everyone agrees with it it's okay I
suppose you got to be careful of that as
well yeah trying to please everyone
exactly random generic stuff yeah fair
fair point do you think there's like a
formula
to so what you do because you've given a
few different angles that you can do it
with kind of Storytelling whilst whilst
do an activity or putting your point of
view on it or hitting a latest Trend or
taking something from B to C is there
like a formula you'd like to follow for
the media that you put
out I mean it's good question I I don't
know if I would call it a
formula I think it's become a formula
like and it's I don't think of it like
that I can't like I don't think I could
I could probably could put it on paper
but it's based off of the things I've
tried and you know I mean what was it I
looked at my post last last year I
posted maybe like 431 times if you post
that many times you're going to find
things that work and don't and over the
time I've figured out and everyone this
is how everyone kind of gets better at
content is you figure out what is good
what's not what people like what where
do you get most comments where do you
get the most DMS where do you get likes
and the the good likes versus the bad
likes those those things so over time
you build up your own formula in your
head and like what even if I'm video
editing I've learned you know add in
certain things and and take out certain
things like dead spaces or leave in dead
spaces sometimes too depending on the
video or how I cut it or when I should
zoom
in I wouldn't say there's a perfect
formula but there is a formula in the
way that I've learned over time
now I I don't have that on paper or
anything so I can't it's hard to speak
of it but I think there's a formula at a
high level though I do think the formula
has worked for me is telling a story
with a point like with a point of view
so B2B buying is broken you should use
scheduling link you know you should do
ABM uh you know Linkin ads should using
an account list or something like that
that's my point of view on it right
telling that story or talking about it
while doing something else so the
formula is some people there's literally
people that probably just watch it for
to see if my cut my finger for fruit
cutting and that's fine with me uh but
they'll stick around because of that but
then they they can also listen to the um
what I'm talking about so the formula is
like telling a story while doing
something I think that's worked well for
me but you have to I do think you have
that point of view it could probably
work if I just say generic stuff but I
don't think that's going to get me any
type of real good comments or or um you
know feedback that I would want I guess
it it's like you say it makes it
relatable right because when you're
adding your your spin on it then some
people will say completely agree this
guy's on to something others will say
what the he's talking sh and that's
fine you want to repel those people
anyway like when you realize that you're
you're not going to be a good fit for
everyone that sees your stuff it's is a
good thing is you attract the people you
want to do business with yeah 100% um I
actually some of the best I mean if you
think about the best post some of the
best post are ones where you don't you
mentioned it already like it's the best
post are the ones that have a different
point of view and so like an example if
I and I I would say this is where funny
comes in is so a lot of times I talk
about the B2B buying process being
broken if I was being in my videos if I
was not joking didn't throwing some
jokes around it or made it kind of
interesting and if I was just like dead
serious about it I'd probably get a lot
more comments from some people that do
not like my content but because I joke
around about it or I joke around about
marketing and sales I don't think I get
as much flak because I I say it with
like tongue and cheek even though
I
yeah yeah man you've got you got to keep
it fun that's that's one way I think I
would get sick and tired of posting
video content of putting content on
LinkedIn on my podcast so I didn't get
to mess around and annoy a few people
every time like just just helps me take
over a bit yeah it's people buy from
people so like people want I'm I'm I
think everyone should lean into their
personality I really do I think that
what's makes you actually different not
just I think that's what going to make
you really different is your
personality and for anyone that perhaps
isn't ready to get stuck in with video
like yourself Tim are there any other
formats that you recommend from a B2B
perspective that you think could work
until you're ready to to fire up the
video camera or your smartphone whatever
yeah oh I mean everything everything
works that's the thing text post work
text uh you know website content that
that all works but you can also put in
your personality within that text and
your point of view within that uh
message it doesn't have to be just video
I think video is awesome I think it's
one reason it does stick out is because
no one not a lot of people are doing it
but I'd also say text images all that
stuff also works it's just about putting
your personality into it like so the
image uh you know everyone does like
especially on the Enterprise side
everyone has like the background being
like a city and then it's just like some
really
generic like content like some really
generic message you can change that up
and and have it be like fun or a get
like people are using gifts now like I
think that that stuff sticks out more um
because it's different or using you know
dogs in your in your images or just
stuff that really sticks out doesn't
have to be video video is great but you
can show your personality and your and
your uh in text in anything I forgot to
say as well you gave a nice tip the
other day on LinkedIn which I stole
which was the I didn't realize you could
do it the intro video so when someone's
waiting to join your Zoom room you can
put a little snippet video so mine is uh
where I'm in my normal well I say normal
clothes my sport gear whatever I'm
wearing now and all of a sudden I go I'm
SEO man and then I just transform into
my SEO Superman outfit and then I'm like
this and then everyone enters the zoom
room laughing their head off and I'm
like why are you laughing they're like
you're an SEO man I was oh I forgot
I had that video in the waiting lobby
but it's it's a great talking point
because everyone's laughing as soon as
they come into my zoom session I'm like
this it's quite a good way to like you
say just something different that stands
out and is memorable so little things
like that that you can put into the
buying experience just make a world of
difference that's amazing I I keep
forgetting I have to do a new one um and
I'm I'm very excited now yeah I love to
see that when it's when it's ready so
all right cool we've we've talked a lot
about kind of ideas and formulas and how
you can stand out when it comes to B2B
content from your experience we've got
to ask it but how could this translate
into attention attracting Idol clients
and Cold Hard Cash and leads yeah so I
think all that stuff uh maybe not just
like the attention but well the
attention too I think all of it you need
to still have a point of view if you're
going to drive revenue and and business
from it you need to have a point of view
that that's not just about like you know
creating content like videos and stuff
that's that's literally just I think is
just business um but if if everything
you're doing with with creating content
and if it's fun if you have a point of
view behind it I think that's where it
drives the revenue getting the attention
is easy because it's going to be if you
do stuff like this like you know video
that's uh B Toc style or you know
there's tons of different ways to do it
or skits or anything like that that's
going to get attention because it's
going to stop the scroll and it's
different in
v2b the point of view having an actual
point of view is going to drive the
revenue I I can't say that you know and
just for my examples if I just fruit cut
cut fruit and you know did skits that
that would drive any Revenue if I didn't
have a point of view and an actual story
behind it if it it was generic I don't
think it would do anything but you you
need that point of view and tell the
storytelling to actually like Drive the
revenue and how close from your
experience Tim does what you're talking
about doesn't matter the media type or
the format have to be tied to your
actual offer or your
Niche um yeah that's a good question
because it doesn't technically have to
be because uh this is more of like a
longer route but if this is more for
small businesses too like you know us
one person kind of teams or um but like
if you create content that's fun and
maybe it's more
broad people will start following you
and start like wanting to know who you
are maybe they don't understand who what
you do at the beginning but if you have
what you do on your website what you do
on your LinkedIn profile on any you know
whatever channel that is they'll maybe
like you see what you're doing and if
they have a need then they'll probably
reach
out I don't think it needs an
offer I don't actually most of my videos
don't have an offer ever ever um but I
do have point of view behind them but to
your
point you can go
broader if you're doing the personality
thing because if people like you maybe
they don't need what you need what you
offer yet but may but some will you just
have a broader audience basically
yeah makes sense I suppose you in in
real B2B marketing speak and inverted
Commerce it's almost like filling that
top funnel right going super broad yeah
like talking generally about in our case
maybe B2B marketing Tech marketing B2B
service marketing Etc generic topics
like this is why most B2B websites Su
and this is why a sales rep takes 10
years to reply to a contact form inquiry
or demo request and uh kind of getting
that entertainment getting that traction
getting that attention at the top of
funnel people follow you and then over
time they check out your website or they
check out your podcast or they sign up
to your newsletter the funnel is getting
more and more narrow they maybe then see
your content about more specific uh
point of view tips insights around your
offer and then eventually them or
someone they recommend or someone they
know reaches out to to you because they
realize that you can help them with
something that struggling with or a
solution that they need I guess 100% And
and just on that point like you don't
even need to be talking to like as long
as the content's talking to who you who
you want to talk to so maybe it's not
about the offer but it's about talking
to what B2B marketers are that's who you
want to talk to if you're talking to
them in a certain way and you kind of
resonate with them then it's it's fine
because at the end of the day they'll
come back to you and see what you do if
they really like if they're like really
like binging your content or something
like that they'll come and see what you
do but if it's it's going to be the
right people if you go real Broad and
talk about business that's going to be
hard because you're going to have if you
don't want to talk to lawyers they you
know they they one person lawyers might
be following you which is fine but it's
going be much broader
audience yeah makes sense makes sense
and when it comes to tracking those
inbound Ops be it leads cool requests
demo requests whatever do you have ever
see ones come in that might say saw him
chopping fruit on L LinkedIn decide it
was time to to reach out does does that
ever happen on the how how you heard
about as field on cry forms it has uh
Tim Davidson Karma fruit cutting and
then they'll have like a fruit cutting
Emoji um I've had a few of those and the
how you he about us um those feel really
good um now I think
that I think there's a lot of people
that just don't talk about it and they
just say you know Tim Davidson or they
just say other stuff and you I've heard
on gone calls too which is interesting
um but it's funny though because I do
other stuff than fruit cutting right but
the fruit cutting is what's actually end
up being what people
say um so that's been the most
interesting to me because I do other
things uh no one's ever mentioned BWB
Ross and how did you hear about us but
they've there's always the mention the
fruit cutting more than anything no
one's ever said oh uh the skits
or no one said cardboard holding either
yet so that's been interesting it events
that was a good one wasn't it that that
seemed to get a lot of attention with
you do you want
to yeah I got a lot of DMS from that not
not a lot of uh like inbounds um but it
was I mean it just happened a couple
months
ago yeah yeah give give us a quick
description of what you did with that
CBO Tim for anyone that didn't see it so
uh I kind of went on like a B2B event
stint uh in 2023 like September to
November uh before that I'd never really
gone to I've gone to like three events
um and I went to about nine or eight or
nine in like two months and but the
concept was I was not going to get a
booth um I wanted to kind of get
awareness and and trying to you know
talk to people without the booth so I
just went there and I was just trying
different things um one of them was like
the the cardboard holding meme that
you've seen like the new guy in New York
City and it'll say like ah you know I
don't know email suck or whatever and
then I but I brought cardboard to each
event and I would hold them up and um
people T tend to like them it would say
like B2B doesn't have to be boring or
first party over third party data or or
you know mqls and leaves don't matter
something like that um they got a
lot they were a lot of fun I would say
that it was cheap recycled actually
cardboard so I didn't buy any cardboard
that must have got a ton of impressions
as well like those posts were getting a
lot of attention when you're hitting up
those events with those cardboard signs
yeah that I mean that was actually my uh
that was like the one metric I was
looking at like how many Impressions can
I get from like the the the content from
that um I got like 800,000 Impressions
over the two months or something like
that just from like the cardboard um
sign holding stuff nice plus all the
people that saw you of course at the
event and yeah there's people yeah there
was people that took pictur they stop
take pictures they're like oh I sent
this to our team in slack I was in there
I've seen like emails where people put
that that picture in there without you
know that's fine you don't have to
mention me but I've had people
screenshot those and I'm like oh that's
so cool and like people just mention it
it was really really interesting didn't
you get kicked out of one as well I
didn't they didn't let me do it uh
dreamforce didn't let me do it they were
very nice about it um but I was doing it
there he's like no you can't do that um
luckily they didn't kick me out that
would have been i' have loved to see
imagine that video on LinkedIn like you
someone filming you with a cardboard
sign like a massive security guard just
comes up and like Chucks you
out yeah luckily I did get him saying
you can't hold it there um on video that
was that was a fun one everyone liked
that one but yeah he he was big too I
could not like I'm not the smallest guy
but he's huge he would have threw me out
I think you've got to break the rules a
little bit though if you can like if
your company allows breaking the rules
either it's like there's no rule on it I
guess we you made the
rules so and that's the funny thing some
events were like all about it they would
be like they would literally like
message me before hey which what are you
bringing are you bringing cardboard this
time and some are like you know don't do
that and that's fine that's completely
Fair that's it SL you said earlier you
track the tribing you don't want to you
repel any to wrap things up Tim any
words of encouragement for anyone that's
been listening or watching and thinking
I like the sound of this uh non-boring
content idea when it comes to B2B but
they're they're a little little bit on
the fence a little bit apprehensive what
words of encouragement would you give
them to kind of start getting stuck in I
got two uh the one and we already talked
about this and because I I get a lot of
messages about people video it just do
create use your phone create a video of
you talking trying to you can do try to
do scats and edits and stuff you don't
really need to do that do it like 20
times post it every time and you will
get feedback people are very nice first
off you'll get good feedback you'll get
like or no feedback and that's fine too
but you'll get way better at it if you
want to do video the other one one is
people buy from people um and so one
thing and Ju Just for an
example when I started doing these
things I did it on my own I started
posting my LinkedIn on my own I didn't
you know have the company fund it it was
just my phone and me just posting trying
different things if you I do think it's
harder to have you know the company you
know pay you to do this or have you um
try this on your own if like content
that's a little bit
different first I think you should just
try it yourself on your own time and see
if it hits and if you start seeing like
the right people comment liking it that
makes it a lot easier to pitch to your
boss that we should try content like
this love that advice very very very
good advice um and it shows as well like
if you're a marketing exec or sells exec
in a company that you've gone out and
done something yourself off your own
back as well doesn't it like I said says
look I I spent the time I don't know
creating this newsletter series or this
LinkedIn series or this video content or
I've started crating crafting some
articles for my site take a look I've
got some feedback from our prospects
they love it um it's actually generated
this and if you bring that to your boss
or your manager think wow this this
person's actually gone out of their way
to to drive something and if they don't
then to be honest you're probably in the
wrong
company yeah very true cool Tim look
appreciate your time man thanks for
sharing all your things B2B content and
wisdom with that how can folks learn
more about yourself tell us more about
B2B RZ and how can they learn and
connect with you yeah um yeah best way
to connect with me is on LinkedIn um
find just type in Tim Davidson I have a
blue background with the glasses on like
face sideways a little bit um but yeah
this actually this week I started a
company called B2B RZ
bb.com uh it's ABM with LinkedIn ads
Consulting uh you work with me this is
not trying to scale it not an agency
just um yeah just trying to drive
qualified pipeline revenue for uh B2B
SAS marketers um but best way to connect
with me is on LinkedIn and no appreciate
you having me on this was awesome no
worries dude and we shall put all of
those links in the description below
thank you once again and if you want to
check out the daily newsletter check out
past podcast episodes or apply to work
with our team head over to Breaking
bb.com appreciate you for tuning in
catch you soon